README.md, before:

# world-countries

This application provides the list of the world countries. It allows the user to search for countries and regions. For each country, the user can check the country's information:

- capital
- region and subregion
- population and area
- flag
- languages
- timezones
- borders

Also the application shows an interactive map of the country.

Additionally, it shows the current COVID19 information live (with data from the day before). The user can
search for the most affected countries and see a whole tab of the country's COVID records.

The application was built using:

- [Vue](https://vuejs.org/)
- Vuex
- Vue Router
- [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)
- [An api that list the countries](https://restcountries.eu/#rest-countries)
- [An api that provides all the COVID19 information](https://api.covid19tracking.narrativa.com/api/)
- [VueLayers](https://vuelayers.github.io/#/)
- Git

## Project setup

```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
npm run build
```

### Run your unit tests

```
npm run test:unit
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

Commit message:

Add a BarChart component. Add data processing to get the 10 most infected countries. Add a COVID Overview page, state and router path. Update About page and Readme. Add VueChartJS

README.md, after:

# world-countries

This application provides the list of the world countries. It allows the user to search for countries and regions. For each country, the user can check the country's information:

- capital
- region and subregion
- population and area
- flag
- languages
- timezones
- borders

Also the application shows an interactive map of the country.

Additionally, it shows the current COVID19 information live (with data from the day before). The user can
search for the most affected countries and see a whole tab of the country's COVID records. The application also shows an overview of the 10 countries which have had more COVID cases reported so far.

The application was built using:

- [Vue](https://vuejs.org/)
- Vuex
- Vue Router
- [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/)
- [An api that list the countries](https://restcountries.eu/#rest-countries)
- [An api that provides all the COVID19 information](https://api.covid19tracking.narrativa.com/api/)
- [VueLayers](https://vuelayers.github.io/#/)
- [VueChartJS](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-chartjs/)
- Git

## Project setup

```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
npm run build
```

### Run your unit tests

```
npm run test:unit
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).
